[W-15465190] Updated docs to include client secrets reset (#339)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-client-management-azure.adoc

+
For an example of the `PATCH` payload, see the https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-update?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http[Update application] documentation. For an example of the `DELETE` payload, see the https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-delete?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http[Delete application] documentation.
+

. Click *Create*.

> == Microsoft Identity Platform Support

Reviewer: Please rename 'Microsoft Identity Platform' to 'Microsoft Entra ID ( previously Azure AD) platform"

Author: This can be done later in https://gus.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/ADM_Work__c/a07EE00001sCzzOYAS/view

=== Client Secrets

> Initial secrets expiration is set to 6 months per Microsoft recommendation. You can reset client secrets via Anypoint. Note, Anypoint creates new secrets on your behalf but does not support removal of the old secrets from Microsoft account. You can always remove the old secrets in Microsoft accounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Initial secrets expiration is set to 6 months per Microsoft's recommendation. You can reset client secrets via Anypoint Platform. Anypoint Platform creates new secrets on your behalf but does not support removing the old secrets from your Microsoft account on your behalf. However, you can still remove the old secrets in Microsoft accounts.
```

> Initial secrets expiration is set to 6 months per Microsoft's recommendation. You can reset client secrets via Anypoint Platform. Anypoint Platform creates new secrets on your behalf but does not support removing the old secrets from your Microsoft account on your behalf. However, you can still remove the old secrets in Microsoft accounts.

Reviewer: where can customers find step by step information to reset secrets? should we add that here?

Author: Reset client secret - https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-experience-hub/my-applications#reset-client-secret
